Ladies and gentlemen, welcome.
Harmontown is now officially in session.
Thank you for coming down to Hollywood, California in the Nerdmelt Theater.
And those of you listening out in podcast universe, thank you.
Please join us all in welcoming the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
All right, welcome.
Welcome to my magical forest of microphones.
I have tied a red ribbon around the one that has a pot of gold under it.
Do you ever hear that leprechaun story, Jeff?
Jeff, have you ever heard that old leprechaun story?
There's not a single leprechaun story I haven't heard, Dan.
The guy catches a leprechaun and he says, give me your pot of gold, which is what you're
right if you catch a leprechaun.
But the leprechaun can still fuck with you a little bit.
He has, like, options left.
And so this leprechaun says to the guy, okay, I'll give you that.
Give you my pot of gold.
Come to the forest tomorrow.
It's under the tree with the red ribbon around it.
And so, of course, maybe some of you see where this is going.
But this is a golden age for leprechauns.
People weren't that savvy yet.
They hadn't watched enough CW shows and Grim hadn't aired yet.
People were mythically deaf and blind.
So he let the fucking leprechaun go based on that promise alone shows up a whole forest
of trees with red ribbons around them.
This is not a pot of gold you're going to get tonight.
What you're going to get tonight is a podcast of gold.
No, it wasn't a podcast of gold.
Pot, no, it doesn't matter.
Nothing matters.
I'm in a good mood.
I'm very excited.
I'm nervous when I come up, I go, I don't know, I feel, as I've said before, bio-rhythmically,
I feel like, well, I'm not witty tonight.
I have nothing to say.
I'm tongue-tied.
My frontal lobe is a little fatigued, perhaps from some intricate sex game I played.
But then sometimes I come up and I go, oh, man, I'm really going to slay people.
I can't wait to get up.
This is one of those nights it doesn't matter because we have Greg Proups coming up here.
Greg Proups is here tonight.
So who cares?
It's really on him.
Yeah.
It's on him.
It's just a Greg Proups show.
If this show sucks, it's simply on his shoulders.
Yeah.
I'll sabotage it so I can walk away from those going, I don't see what the big deal of Greg
Proups is.
I had him on my show.
It didn't turn into diamonds.
But more so than that, he's a good friend of Jeff's and, therefore, by proxy, a much
adored friend of mine.
We went and saw his podcast in San Francisco in January, last January at Sketchfest.
I was blown away.
I think that's when I got the nuts up to, were we already doing this and recording it
and podcasting it?
No.
No, we weren't.
Just after.
So he's actually kind of a bit of an unwitting Obi-Wan to this show, I think, because I
sat there in a comedy club and watched Proups just babble into a microphone and, of course,
I thought, well, then I'll do it.
Then put it on iTunes and make people listen to it.
But he's going to specifically come up primarily to play Dungeons and Dragons with us.
We have Spencer, our Dungeon Master, sitting anxiously on deck.
Yeah.
Spencer is like a Brahmin bull.
Is that a kind of?
Brahma.
Brahma bull.
A Brahmin bull is more of like a Hindu kind of.
A Brahmin bull is no big deal.
They're very relaxed.
Yeah.
They're no danger at all.
Health update.
Last week, I explained that I had been having these light-headed spells and I've been hot
on the trail on how to figure out what's wrong with them.
Vitamin D deficiency epiphanies, magnesium epiphanies, potassium epiphanies.
And then I told the story of how Aaron gave me the anxiety epiphany at the San Diego Zoo.
Oh, it's just anxiety, as soon as I knew that, everything was fine.
But then that very night of the podcast, it was like, still, I'm having these light-headed
spells.
I got to go back into the doctor.
Even though I got all this blood work, what's wrong with me?
What is it?
There's nothing wrong with my lab results.
I go back into the doctor, I tell him about these light-headed spells.
And he diagnosed me.
The bad news is I have respiratory alkalosis.
And the good news is that's like the hiccups.
And his prescription was literally to breathe less.
Respiratory alkalosis is when you accidentally hyperventilate.
And that's it.
And it's a syndrome in the short term where if you're undergoing stress, good or bad,
you kind of accidentally breathe just a hair too deeply, then you get a little light-headed.
And then you go, I'm getting light-headed.
And then so you go, you flood your body with oxygen because you want to clear your head.
And then it gets worse and worse.
And then the more it gets worse, and the one thing I hadn't tried, because it just doesn't
seem like a good idea in those moments, is breathing less.
And that's all I have to do.
And I've tried it like seven times.
I've had little things come on, and then I exhale like I have the hiccups, and then
I just take shallow breaths.
I felt like the biggest dick.
Well, when you say breathing less, you mean inhale less?
Yeah.
Don't take a big breath and hold it.
Just exhale and hold it.
Which makes you feel like you're going to die, but then at the same time, it clears
my head up.
But doesn't that give you a stroke at some point?
If you deoxygenate your brain?
Well, no, not when you have too much oxygen in your blood, which is why you're feeling
light-headed.
It's fucking weird.
Your body runs on this balance of gases, CO2 and O2.
And if you have less CO2, even though CO2 is bad, it's not like we use it for anything,
but if the balance is, I'm sure we use it for a lot.
Don't write me any letters, you fucking CO2 heads.
We use it for trees.
Yeah, we give back to the earth.
If it's slightly imbalanced, you have a regulator in your head that will eventually make you
faint, and what fainting is, is just your body going, this guy can't breathe right
on his own, and just knock him out, and I'll take it from here, and then regulates your
breathing and you wake up.
And I think that's why women fainted, you know, that whole fainting couch culture.
They were wearing corsets and tying them really tight, so they were fucking with the balance
of the gases in their bodies, so women were regularly fainting, and then the men who designed
the corsets would say, well, you're hysterical.
This is something that women do, they're psychos.
Let's get that corset off right now.
Oh, yeah, no, keep it on, but let's not let them vote.
Okay, so, but I don't need to get political tonight, because we have Greg Proups here.
It's on him, no.
Were you bringing him up?
No, no, no, no, I mean, I will now.
I wanted to update you on my respiratory alkalosis.
It's a new thing I'm going to blame for everything.
Respiratory alkalosis.
So to recap, bring up the, I like that it has alcohol in it.
I know, no, believe me, he said, it's respiratory alkalosis, and I went, oh fuck, here it is.
The glory days are gone.
You have a cute, you have a cute vodcosis.
Yeah, I was so excited that it was an alkaloid thing.
I was like, yes, oh, oh, 10 more years, 10 more years.
One of drinking and eight of not knowing what eight plus one is.
That was a, that was a quotable, you just watched my brain die a little bit.
I'm, I'm no scientist or a doctor, and I'm not bad at math and putting things together,
but why don't you just wear a corset?
That's a good idea.
Stick a corset on.
Well, I don't know if the corset makes more CO2 or less CO2.
I don't know why women are paining.
It makes it harder for you to inhale oxygen, so you're probably going to do-
Too much CO2, right?
Yeah.
So, okay, I'm going to start wearing a corset.
All right, I mean, and then, I mean, not that you haven't lost a lot of weight, but
still.
So it can only help.
Two birds with one stone.
It's like a really tight shatner girdle.
Yeah, you look like Robert Misham.
And I'll just, I'll just, I'll just have a hair checker for challenging people to
fight.
So it's like, what are you talking about?
Get up here.
I won't accept it.
Just punch you out.
I'll have seen a sweat, and then I'll just make out with the nearest, most racially
diverse woman in the audience to simulate her being green.
Wait, you're only going to fight when you're on stage?
Yeah, I don't know, man.
I lost track of what I was saying.
Let's try to, let's try to, I don't want to get on a lot of tangents tonight.
Is it because you hung out with Greg Proops, Greg Proops right before the show?
Yeah, no, I think that said, I updated you on my health situation, and I think, I haven't
seen you a lot.
You were, you were, you were gone last week.
You were gone when I was gone, and then you were gone again.
I haven't seen you at all.
It's exciting.
I miss you, Dan.
It's cool that while you were gone last week, Erin could fill in.
Yeah, well, I listened to the raw, the raw file of the, of the last Harmontown when
you guys played, when Erin McGathy guest-controlled, and I heard the Dungeons and Dragons where
we introduced a new character.
Yeah.
And she, and that character became a, it was very, it was very vocal?
It was very, it was very pro-active about becoming a permanent member of the adventuring
party.
Yeah, but, I mean, part of it, a lot of it was kind of overtly begging to be a regular
member of a campaign.
Jeff and Erin have kind of a sibling rivalry.
He calls her the girl in the treehouse, or the little sister in the treehouse.
She's like a little sister in a treehouse.
Yeah.
Our next guest.
He was described by Herman Melville as...
The biggest asshole in every sale.
He's an awesome, really, he's truly the smartest man in the world, and he hosts a podcast called
The Smartest Man in the World.
He blew my mind at San Francisco, he's one of Jeff's very good friends from the Who's
Line world, and he's amazing, and we're thrilled to have him here as a surprise friend.
Let's bring Greg Proups up.
Greg Proups, everybody.
Yeah, anyway, you can go there, if you like.
Frank is there.
Yeah.
Greg Proups.
You know, I've been sitting backstage listening to this, what is it, carbon dioxide you're
talking about or whatever?
What a load of shit, ladies and gentlemen.
There's no global warming.
I don't know what the fuck he's talking about.
If you just breathe normally, penguins never die.
Say, I never read the paper or anything, it's good to have somebody up here who's informed.
Yeah.
Who was it, oxygen and carbon dioxide, was it?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, there's a delicate balance between them and your bloodstream.
I feel weird standing in front and then staring back over my shoulder.
I like the Greg Proups.
Telly McGillis on the top gun poster.
Queen to Rook 4.
The most dangerous game of all.
Not hunting a human, but human chess.
The most dangerous game is when you're just loose on an island.
The human chess is actually relatively safe.
You could end up being like one of many pieces that lives to the end, sorry.
So Greg Kitten, yeah, Dan Kitten.
Greg, would you rather sit?
Well, no, I don't want Dan to be uncomfortable, he just said he didn't want to look behind
him.
Oh, sit here.
There you go.
Thank you.
Is that what comptrolling is?
Moving chairs?
I've always wondered, shouldn't it be chomp trolling then?
Thank you for that mild laughter, that's what.
I had a jade actually warranted that small of a response.
You were exactly right and you're measured and fucking well thought out response.
Greg, might I say that I appreciate you spending the last 10 minutes in the green room alone
with a vodka and then you came on stage and went headlong straight for the vodka again?
My glass was almost empty when I got out here and my entire life flashed before my eyes.
Like a Guy Madden movie, perplexing.
I don't think the edge of the pool is no longer, you just start to panic and the defense.
Yeah, exactly.
Except the deep end consists of a deep level of lack of vodka.
Exactly.
It's like an ever diminishing, vanishing point full of vodka.
We should have Spencer come up and start prepping his little table, right?
I always make that mistake.
We've had Spencer up here.
Is Spencer here?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
There he is.
All right.
Spencer, everybody.
Hi, Spencer.
Spencer, of course, for those of you just joining in, Spencer is our 611 D&D Dungeon
Master.
How's your parents?
They don't want me to live with them.
I'll just be in a dick.
Oh, we don't do that in Harmontown?
I'm sorry.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I forgot this was a basket of cookie kind of place.
I didn't realize it.
I brought a basket of vitriol.
It's so inappropriate.
It's a safe place, but like Oscar the Grouch on Sesame Street, I mean, you're welcome within
an hour.
If you have vitriol, we're only going to make you feel good about having it.
Okay, thank you.
Because I felt uncomfortable just then, but now I feel better again.
See?
That's what we do.
Next week, you'll be farming potatoes with us and...
I'll see you on the ice.
So Greg has never played Dungeons & Dragons before, correct?
Even though you...
No, but I will say this, and I hope I'm not stepping on any pointed shoes that curl over
like that, but are made of green felt when I say this, I think dragons are a plague.
And I'll go further.
They have to be eradicated.
And even if it requires going to a secret place, such as a cavern or perhaps an airy
on top of a mountain that they live in, I am willing to go through the series of questions
that have to be asked, and obstacles that have to be surmounted, and perhaps even groups
of gremlins that are filled with animosity toward anyone who's heading toward the dragon.
It sounds like...
I know you've never played before, but it sounds like you're going to do great.
I just...
I don't play it professionally, but in my mind, I've played it many times.
The dragon is my agent, and the mountain is Wilshire Boulevard.
It's pretty weird how I play it.
Did you ever play Hot Lava when you were a kid, or anything like that, like just make
believe on the playground?
Yeah.
Hot Lava was a goodie.
We also...
What I love about what we actually played Ring Around the Rosey when I was little, and
isn't that like a medieval...
From the plague.
Right.
I mean, like, why are we playing plague games?
Did you have...
Was that even a game?
It's just a fruity dance that...
Right.
It just ends with everyone laying down, right?
Well, that was the best part.
Everyone would lay down.
Oh, yeah.
Ladies man, coming through.
Exactly.
That's four.
Greg.
I wonder what you'd like to share my popsicle, I could split it in half.
Greg, even though you did not play Dungeons and Dragons, you did, if I'm not mistaken,
wear like a cape or a top hat at some point, didn't you have some kind of gothy affected
clothes?
Well, I don't know, gothy douchey.
I went to my junior prom and I carried a cane.
That was 1970s...
1976, ladies and gentlemen.
That was fine.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Same hair, parted down the middle.
Okay.
Thank you.
That was probably...
And no, I didn't get any.
No?
No.
Unsuccessful life, the junior prom.
We went to Portland and there's no segue.
I wore a sky blue tux, if that's if you're interested.
Sky blue tux.
Yeah, with a waistcoat.
And you affected a cane as well.
I carried a cane that had a lion head on it.
Right.
A lion head was in order to keep pussy at bay.
Beating them up with a stick, even though you weren't beating them up with a stick.
I could have dipped that stick in ambergris and dollars and never got a girl to come
near me.
To bloons.
When did you find your sexuality?
When did you become the rampant sexual mare, I'm sorry, a stallion rather.
Oh, so I'm beveling and so passive aggressive, what you just did out of here.
We don't have enough time to discuss the mare.
Backhanded Davis.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Probably 15, I think.
I had a girlfriend when I was 16.
Is that too late in the game?
That's young.
Is it young?
Yeah.
Thank you.
That was Dan's girlfriend.
It was.
I'd like to point that out.
It's an ally.
You were starting a thought and I rudely jumped back.
I was starting a new thought though.
If we could keep following the, do you want to talk about when you lost your virginity?
Oh, no, not at all.
No, no.
This is the open Anthony show in which case it's a du regur.
We went to Portland and Portland is a very liberal, progressive city.
There's a lot of deconstruction of a lot of boundaries going on there.
Things that you wouldn't even expect to be, to need to be deconstructed.
We went to a bar called the green dragon.
Aaron went to the bathroom.
Again, a place that I would avoid until the dragon is slain.
I shall not be going through the portals of the green dragon.
Sorry, Dan.
She came back and a little traumatized and said that the bathrooms instead of being
men and women were sitting and standing.
So it's a new way to like break down.
It is you say.
Yeah.
So if you really think about that, one bathroom was for nothing but men taking shits and women,
all women.
And the other bathroom was for just men who had to do nothing but pee.
It's like the worst, if you're going to like rearrange the bathrooms, that's the worst
thing you could do to women ever is just add shitting men to their side of the war.
And Jeff pointed out, well, there's lots of unisex bathrooms, but those are bathrooms
that have a toilet and a mirror and a sink and a lock on the door.
So yes, women have to suffer the misfortune in those situations of having to go pee or
poop after a man peed or pooped.
This bathroom, the sitting bathroom had several stalls in it.
She was in there with another woman peeing and a guy in between them grunting and making
a real mess.
It's such a horrible violation of everything we know to be right.
I understand the impulse to modernize everything and second guess are precursors, but there
are a couple of things that cavemen got right.
And one of them was the idea that women should be nowhere near men's shit.
Or men's shitting.
Yes.
The next thing we'll be going in the kitchen, you know what I mean?
There's a few areas.
No.
Never the twain shall meet, as they say.
Next thing you know, dragons will be outside of dungeons.
Easy, Craig.
Not on my watch.
Easy.
Not as long as my scimitar nembutal has a mind to say about it.
Down nembutal.
Craig, if you're going to blow.
Blow cool.
All right, so you notice there's a forest of microphones up here.
That's because, as we mentioned last week, Erin McGathy was guest comptrolling.
So she had a character made for her in our D&D campaign.
And much to Jeff Chagrin, she made herself a part of the campaign permanently.
So Erin McGathy needs to come up and play her character, Erin McGathy.
And then we welcome back in his selfless rule as the puppeteer of the cosmos, Dungeon Master
Spencer.
Spencer, everybody!
Who can forget?
How's it going, you guys?
Greg, I'm sorry about that neck kiss.
I forced you into a neck kiss.
I didn't even notice.
I was just happy to see you again.
You were the only person who applauded during one of the earlier things I said.
This crowd has mounted against me like a fucking Romney rally.
They're Harmonites.
I mean, they have a xenophobic, you know, anything that's not Harmon.
Oh, because I'm an Alice Lander?
Yeah, yeah.
But that doesn't mean they don't accept you.
They're protective of me.
They're scared you might go for my throat.
I understand.
I had a dog when I was a kid that bit a guy because he was throwing away newspapers and
he was holding a wire and he was protecting my brother and we had to put it down.
Oh no.
All right, let's move on.
Did that story really end with the death of a beloved dog?
Yeah, it did.
Fuck, you're brave like Disney.
But then there were puppies.
When we got home, there were puppies.
I bought a zoo.
Beethoven, get off the couch.
You are never more than five minutes in the movie we bought a zoo from a character shrugging
and saying we bought a zoo.
I just want you to know that.
And that is never a sign of a confidently written film.
Imagine if you were watching Star Wars and every five minutes, I just went, Star Wars.
They never said it once.
Citizen Kane never went, you know, no one ever went.
Citizen Kane.
You're real Citizen Kane.
You're fired, Citizen Kane.
It's, you know, it's just a...
Now Dan, what compelled you to buy that movie because first of all, I've never heard of
it.
Second of all, what the fuck?
We went through every fucking movie ever.
We watched, we watched Savages with Travolta.
We watched...
Safe House.
Which one?
It's everyone.
That's the weird D&D character.
I don't know.
Man, I know we walked away from Portland $177 into bad Hollywood.
Like, they got us, the house won.
You bought these or rented these?
Well, I don't know.
What do you call it?
We rented them.
At the hotel.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I got some.
And I rented a lot of movies while Dan was sleeping and he woke up to We Bout a Zoo.
It's not about me.
Dungeons and Dragons.
We Bought a Zoo.
That's fine.
It's fine that you Bought a Zoo.
The problem is then you made a movie about it and I'm watching it.
You have my money.
We Bought a Zoo.
Dan was half asleep during the entire movie.
I was just waking up in like a fever dream saying, Bought a Zoo?
And then back asleep.
Say it one more time.
There was no conflict in the movie.
They Bought a Zoo.
If you mapped it on my story circle, six of the eight points on the circle would say,
We Bought a Zoo.
Wow.
To be fair, to be fair.
In the middle of the film, the truth that they arrive at is that they Bought a fucking
Zoo.
To be fair, that movie was written using a story puddle.
Halfway through, did they lose the zoo?
No!
Halfway through, they said, We Bought a Zoo.
Which they Bought on page 10.
They fucking Bought it and then they just sat on it and ran it.
Well, that's Higer Died.
They kept contriving things.
This is based on a true story about, guess what?
They Bought a fucking Zoo and nothing happened.
It's based on a true story about going to the dry cleaner.
So if you make that a new movie, you have to break it up with contrivances.
It rains in the movie.
It rains for days.
It's not going to rain.
If they were sitting there, these writers are going like, What is the enemy of a zoo?
What's the Mechagodzilla to a zoo's Godzilla?
Rain.
I never go to the zoo when it rains.
God damn it, Preskin, you're a genius.
Okay, how do you get rid of rain?
How do you get rid of rain?
Wait a while.
Sir, you wait.
And then it stops raining after, God damn it, you're right!
And that's what happens.
It rains for a while, then it stops raining.
Then there's a tree in the road.
Then the people find out they can walk around the tree.
I'm not exaggerating.
And every time one of these contrived high points happens, they cue this like,
Awimawai Awimawai.
They're just this fucking shitty African Paul Simon shit.
It's just designed to don't worry, be happy, you're aorta.
It just goes in your chest like an invasive...
African people just chanting things.
Dan, who's the bad guy?
Who's the bad guy?
You.
For watching it.
And I'm not kidding.
Because the movie keeps jabbing you in the ribs and going,
Why aren't you crying, you scrooge?
Why aren't you crying like everyone in the movie?
They bought a zoo, you dick.
No one comes in and goes like,
Nice place for a zoo.
Or an oil well.
No, no, no, no.
The last person who put one here sank into an enormous crater.
No, that's one of six things missing from the story.
Is a guy going like,
Yeah, you know what's under this zoo?
Diamonds.
Blood diamonds.
Lion killing blood diamonds.
We're gonna have blind children come in and dig them out with toothbrushes.
But the lions will eat them.
That's the point.
But I thought you wanted the diamonds.
I'm high.
You're the bad guy and you're high, yes.
I didn't buy a zoo.
Honey, I just woke up.
We didn't buy a zoo.
No you did, you bought a zoo.
I just woke up a third time, it's like conception.
Zoo.
We bought a dream zoo, dream zoo.
Zoo conspiracy.
The lion was the architect.
It was the lion's dream the whole time.
You're in the zoo.
Yeah.
We bought a zoo.
They shrug and they say we bought a zoo a million times.
Alright, so we've gone on.
I don't want to get off on any tangents tonight.
Dan, I think if at any point this train jumps the tracks during Harmontown,
you could just say, I got a podcast.
I got a podcast.
I got a town.
You know, Kettle One tweeted me today.
I'm just saying in a world where we're doing sponsored bits,
I have a relationship with Kettle One.
Both internally and externally.
I have a fundamental relationship with Kettle One
in that it's the spinach to my pot pie.
You have respiratory alcoholism.
And then now I have my Twitter buddy.
I don't know, I'm just saying.
So are you saying we should drop Nike as our unofficial sponsor?
If you have fun tonight, it may be indirectly the result of Kettle One.
I can almost guarantee it.
I have some copy written down from a Nike shoe.
Why don't we just plug a new Kettle One shoe?
Give it a shot.
The new Kettle One Tiempo,
combining the perfect blend of comfort and superior ball feel.
I'm just going to stop there.
Ball view? Ball feel.
I adore that.
When you're hunting a dragon, there's nothing more relaxing.
Greg, how would you like to combine the perfect blend of comfort
and superior ball feel?
Would I?
It's like reading Balzac while lying in a bowl of pudding.
The Kettle One Tiempo Legend Four Elite is designed for the ultimate touch.
I heard that.
You can't make a shoe and say ball feel.
Spencer, distribute the character sheets.
Can you pass this down to Jeff?
Spencer is now distributing our Identities and Dragons character sheets.
This is that point in each episode that all you ladies look forward to.
It's our...
What the fuck is this?
Who's Jeff?
I'm Quark.
Pass it all to Jeff.
Oh, okay.
You don't have one yet. I'll give you one.
He's going to give you one.
You have to be woven into the tapestry of our fate.
Okay.
Many thanks to you, weary traveler,
and I hope that upon the path we travel,
good fortune will find you.
Holy shit, we're going to get this game.
Are you sure you haven't played this before?
Are you a ringer?
Not professionally.
I quit right before it went pro.
Are you going to produce a lion-headed cane from your coat?
It is to be fervently wished.
All right, McGathey, what was your character's name?
I only know it's like one of the most forgettable, slippery...
Dear sir, I am Mulrainee Sidhanna. Ha-ha, adventure.
Mulrainee...
Oh, what are...
Mulrainee Sidhanna.
Mulrainee, okay.
But I'd be whatever you'd like, for I am half-elf, half-human,
and all pleasure.
Wow!
All right.
Spencer?
All right, so when we last met,
you had found Mulrainee trying to find the...
or when you were looking at the sign,
you decided that you should kill this embermaller
that's been wreaking havoc on the town.
All right, I saw a sign in the tavern that was like a lion creature.
That's been killing cats and dogs and people and stuff?
Yeah, it's been killing some things
and burning some crops and causing some havoc.
So you were in the tavern making sure that...
Are we in Calabasas? Where are we right now?
It's the city of Thornvale.
To be sure.
Not that fell place.
I met an oath I would never return there.
But Greg, didn't you used to do comedy there?
Yeah, I played the palace.
There's two times in your career you play Thornvale.
Once on the way up and once on the way down.
It is so nice to be back.
Holy shit!
He doesn't even have his character sheet yet.
I'm here in the field!
I'm in the field!
Oh, shit.
So, deciding to join forces, you retired to the tavern
and it is now the morning and you're waking up in your room.
You old prancing pony, what's the name of the tavern do we know?
Cha-cha-cha's tavern.
Cha-cha's tavern.
Cha-cha's?
All I know is I went to a berserker rage.
We killed a pig.
I woke up in the morning and there was a homophobic elf
hanging out with us.
Not a homophobic, sir.
Encouraging of new love.
A gardener.
Yeah, but he told you that we're not a couple.
Spencer, as per an agreement that I decided we had
between these two rounds, we were all meeting for breakfast
down in the common room.
All right, in the common room of a pub,
you seem to notice an air of discomfort.
Yeah, between Jeff and Aaron.
I mean, quark.
Quark and Mulraine.
Mulraine.
There appears to have been a fire the night previous
and people think it might be resulting from
the Ember-Mollers assault.
Oh, a fire in the town?
Yeah, some people are talking.
You hear in people talk about fires in the pub.
What's this town's name?
Thornvale.
Finally, a conflagration has consumed that cursed place.
Wait, who's this guy?
Wait, Sharpey Buttsalot.
Me thinks we have a new member to our team.
A voice speaker from the table.
Yon.
Is that true?
Is he just a disembodied voice?
He's a disembodied voice.
I am Percocet, the giver of feelings that are wild.
My humblest apology, Sharpey.
I slept very hard last night.
Now that you're awake, may I offer my apology
for suggesting that there was a romantic relationship
between you and Buttsalot?
I was asleep.
I just heard about it.
Well, either way, I apologize.
I love happiness and balloons.
I'm like a rainbow.
You don't know where I start or end.
Balloons don't end.
Gentlemen, please.
My character sighs loudly.
We have lately just rode in.
Who must one forlade in order to obtain ale in this shithole?
Sharpey, I say we out into the streets
and conquer this deadly beast that beat
forting the cats and dogs of Thornvale.
We out into the streets, Spencer.
You see the scene of a fire.
It's a farmhouse, or was.
Nice. Nice.
Sharpey, me thinks we are in business.
I like that he didn't want to roll the dice
and making the pause.
He didn't want to take a dramatic pause.
He's like, fuck these guys.
They talk about it.
You can't give them an inch of leeway.
It was a farmhouse, or was.
It's just good writing.
If he paused, one of us would talk for 10 minutes.
More like a farmhouse.
We bought a farmhouse.
What are we going to do with all these domesticated animals?
I hope there's no dampness.
I examine the remains of the farmhouse, Spencer.
You see an old man crying over the remains of his farmhouse.
I'm not good at language.
Sharpey, you want to talk to the old man?
Greg can play the old man.
You can play the old man, yeah.
I like the old man.
The old man appears to be of a non-human race.
Non-human?
Visto.
I check my inventory for lozenges.
I'm an elderly gentleman.
What's on here?
I cast Ricola.
Ricola's faithful language.
The elder one, I don't know this Andy Kaufman-esque tongue of which you speak.
I only want to express my sympathy for the loss of your home
and inquire as to how it became so distraught.
Mi baldo.
This is what we're talking about.
Necomorph?
Spencer, what were they called?
Embermolar?
What were they called?
What?
The people who set fire to the goddamn village.
Embermolar, yeah.
Embermoles?
Yeah.
Embermoles.
The embermoles of Vosto, the embermoles of Hando, the embermoles of Hindo.
Jeff, I understand one word this guy is saying,
and it's the same word on the poster in the tavern, this embermolar.
Embermoles.
No, not for embermoles.
Old man.
It's like Tony Shalube in Quick Change.
Tony Shalube, you know him?
I love him in Quick Change movies.
Old man.
Older dwarf.
Homosexual.
Aye aye.
Ah, full of pleasure.
As always.
I like a good fight when I can find one.
Do you see which way this beast went?
Passo.
Quentado.
Pesto di di dragone.
He's been passed the dragon.
Spencer, yeah.
We have to pass the dragon to get to the thing?
You can pass or you can do what the fuck you like.
He's holding a baguette.
Let's take his baguette.
And he has a penguin on his head.
Wait a minute.
Spencer, is any of what we're saying true?
Yeah, he motions to the west and points in a direction.
Pencil.
Well.
Is Pencil the west?
Are you guys ready to head west?
Get this embermolar?
I mean, being a ranger can track the beast if she can successfully do that.
Of course I can successfully do that.
I'll go pack up our bags and our treasure that we got last night and we'll away.
Padum padum.
Oh, he wants a tip.
No, no.
It's customary to tip people after asking them about their bruce.
I give the old man four coppers.
I give the old man a bag of dirt.
And I give him a promise that his children will walk upon the rainbows.
Miss Gorsan, you're about to two friends at Dushbagge.
I'm sorry.
Hey, as we walked on the road, I whispered to Sharpie, was that a Jewish, Italian, French?
Because that character was a real Euro rail pass.
I am doing Christophe Lambert, Alexander.
Oh, he can hear us, he can hear us.
My hearing is acute.
I am not acute. My hearing is acute. I am also Chico Marx.
This way, friends. Adventure.
We had West.
By the way, I thought Mulraine was a dude.
Mulraine's a dude, yeah.
Did I say she?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sorry guys.
Seems sorry audience.
So attractive.
Sometimes I appear to be a woman because I'm so beautiful.
Spencer, Spencer, how are we traveling? By foot? On horse? How are we going?
You're walking on foot, Mulraine's leading the path, bending over and looking at all sorts of signs and symbols of possible animal.
This way, regard my asshole.
You come upon the remains of a burned field. The path seems to stop.
No one walk on this field. It's burned.
Stop.
Well, that means that Mulraine must have been here.
The Ember Mahler.
Ember Mahler.
Mulraine is...
There's Ember Mahler.
Oh my God, he followed us.
He's like a homeless guy in Koreatown.
Shoo, shoo, shoo.
Four coppers, you cheap son of a bitch.
Wait, Spencer, I pick up a stick.
I throw the stick back toward the town.
All right, I'm going.
But don't say I didn't warn you.
Now he's from Puerto Rico? What the hell is going on?
I am John Lithgow in Bakarubanzai.
He left sandwiches.
All right, we're in a burnt field.
All right, I investigate the field.
After the old man leaves, you turn around to investigate the field
and notice that a white horse has been trotting into view.
But no normal white horse was this, for it was a unicorn.
Do you know how rare these things are?
A chew.
The unicorn bends down and touches its horn to what looks like a charred dead rabbit.
You see a blinding flash of light and a healthy rabbit.
Wow, boing, boing, boing.
And bounces into the underbrush.
That's not there because it's a burnt field.
Wait, it brought the rabbit back to life?
It seemed to bring the rabbit back to life.
Sharpie, Neil Sadaka.
Neil Sadaka.
Mulraine Muldoon?
Mulraine Saldana?
Yes.
That horse just touched a dead rabbit and it came back to life.
That's no horse quark.
It's no horse.
That's what he said.
It's a unicorn.
It's a horse with one horn.
I am Tylenol with codeine.
And a warm sense of well-being should imbue your body with my very presence.
Steve the Rabbit, I have brought it back to life.
What be your name?
Tylenol with codeine.
I thought you just said you were high on codeine.
No, I'm Tylenol with codeine.
I'm the good kind of Tylenol, not the disappointing kind.
Dear unicorn, why this rabbit and not the entire field?
I am selective.
Tylenol, did you see the ember mauler that did this?
The ember maul.
Oh, they are most evil.
Much who havoc have they wrought upon the land.
I used to prance freely amongst the daisies and gladiolas, the snapdragons and the...
What are those little purple ones?
I love those.
Tulips.
No, I have not met you.
And yet, the ember maul, much havoc have reeked and they must be stopped for this land was once pure.
Now it is fouled with the horrible stench of their enormous wands.
Have you seen, have you done battle with them before?
Seen them, I have smelt them from kilometers away, for my senses are most highly developed.
I would say acute, but the old man used it earlier.
And?
Charmy, I care not to do battle alongside this winged horse who speaketh so fruitily.
What?
Fruitily I speaketh, thou art a basket of raspberries thyself.
Why dost thou not give me thy name, O Jamba Juice, and I will inform you when your cup is ready.
Oh!
White stallion, I shall disembowel thee with my sword for words so important.
Warck!
Take it easy.
Unicorns are very powerful, he could make a most unlikely ally.
Pifty threatens not your love.
Are thou but half-elf?
Yes.
I am half-elf, and I can speak for myself.
Indeed, thy companions art most sexist.
I agree, sir, but it matters not, for I am like the breeze.
I flow and pleasure.
Like the wind thou dost blow.
I, unicorn, may I become your ally and ride you, or you can ride me, although my back will break,
but I want to not be a unicornist.
Indeed, Elflet, thoust may mount me while thine friends trail behind and step away from my stool
in a haphazard manner.
Ha ha ha!
Well, how do you like that?
Listen, maybe we should split up.
What is that ahead?
I see an emerald light.
Is it not true, Spencer, who holdeth the book?
On the horizon, you see a light.
It seems to be a fire, but it is not spreading.
It does appear to be coming closer.
Uh-oh.
I see ember muller headlights.
Possibly.
Indeed, for the ember mull, I have mispronounced it.
Listen, gang, if this beast is as dangerous as its wake of destruction is suggested,
it might be prudent for us to find a hiding spot and wait until it gets there.
You sound unsure.
I'm just a little high.
You told me last night that you, or this morning rather, that you'd found a crystal
of the greatness of something.
Might that be of any value to us?
Possibly, yeah.
Oh, dickless human, who like one oviparous strode behind me when thoust might have mounted
if thou had objected in any way.
Wouldst thou not use thine talisman?
For I have the power to...
I have the power to detect evil.
Yeah.
And evil I do detect.
You detect evil coming from the direction of the fire.
Oh.
Shit.
Balm-a-gee.
Dost thou wish to bone out, or dost thou wish to grow a pair?
Would there be any visual cover in this area?
Where are we?
There's some large rocks and some skeletal burnt trees to your right.
Let's hide behind those rocks, you guys.
As a creature with wild empathy, I wish to approach the light, for I feel for the light.
I too burn inside with a green light, albeit not exactly a green light, but I wish to
approach the light.
You wish to approach the fire.
It burns closer.
You can see it is getting close enough to make out, and it is not just a fire, but the
form of a powerful feline.
It seems to be the size of a lion, but with a flaming mane and twin tails made of fire.
Was I clear about hiding behind a rock?
Yeah, you're behind a rock.
She's walking towards this.
The unicorn determined that it was absolutely evil.
Moldane by the tears of Salduron!
Hide ye self!
I would like to say that my character has also read the great Gatsby, so I'm intrigued by
the green light.
I head towards it.
Caution I would use.
Dear Unicorn, you have been the greatest friend to me, and a kindred spirit indeed.
Shall I back away from the light?
Nay, thou must seek thine own destiny, the danger with naught.
Oh, you are like a rock covered in candy, hard and sweet.
You are like Sammy Hagar, and canst not thou drive fifty-five.
The embermall approaches.
Shall you face it head on, or shall you lay an ambush?
I am an elf human.
Sharpie, you are titular leader of this group of headless worms?
I am behind a rock.
I call back to Sharpie for advice.
Sharpie!
Get behind a rock!
Go straight at him!
Just do it!
A fuck of cluster this be.
Aren't there no leaders amongst this group?
If it's me, everyone's behind a rock.
Hey, Muldane, don't you have arrows?
Fire a couple of those off.
Dum-dum.
Thank you.
Thank you, sir, I shall not take dum-dum personally.
I fire off fourteen arrows.
All right, well, you can only fire off a couple at a time.
Well, I fire off two, and then two, and then two, and then two, and then two, and then two, and then two.
Fourteen.
Seven times has she let her bow sing against the air.
If she's doing that, I hide behind a rock seven times.
Seven times has thou coward like a gerbil's garbles.
Also, I put a bedroll on my head.
Unable to see, you fire an arrow wildly.
It flies past quark and lands harmlessly in the ash dirt.
Oh, man.
The ember moller draws closer.
It seems to see that you're there firing arrows with a bedroll on your head.
I jump out from behind the rock. I have the power to intimidate, do I not?
You do, but this is a fearsome beast.
I get back behind the rock.
I had a rush of blood to the head.
Your intimidation does not last very long, and you are soon quickly found behind the rock again.
I present a torch to see what the, with the green fire light.
Did I say this is a dream?
I thought you did.
I don't think I did, sorry.
Well, the elf human's mind is imaginative.
Also, it's my birthday party.
Sorry, Moldane. Spencer, I have a check mark behind the skill to handle animal.
Yeah, this is a magical creature. It doesn't work like an animal.
Sorry, back behind the rock I go.
Sorry, guys.
I dropped my wallet over there.
You hear a ferocious roar and a burst of superheated air rushes past the rock.
You can tell that it's very close.
Jesus Christ, wait, is it targeting us?
Yeah, it's coming towards you.
Oh, man.
Sharpey, use your magic, man.
I'm a barbarian gnome. I got a sword and a backpack.
I needed to wait until a point when there was no choice but to fight.
Look, we've all had some drinks. Could everyone stop bitching at one another?
Listen, you're a horse. I've been walking in your poop for the last 45 minutes, man.
My plume is my glory.
I said poop.
My what?
Your poop.
Your talking.
Small dwarf-like thing.
I cast Summon Monster.
Alright, what monster would you like to summon? Like a orangutan or a spectral dog?
An orangutan is a monster?
Look, I bought a zoo last year.
I summon an orangutan.
A green monkey springs into existence.
It charges out from around the rock and engages-
You said green, right?
No, it wasn't green. Where'd you get this from?
Let me get this straight.
An orangutan charges around the rock.
Guys, just take it easy. This is all going to solve itself.
I summoned an orangutan. It'll be fine. Just give it a second.
Okay.
You summoned an orangutan.
I detect evil.
My hero.
You detect evil on the other side of the rock.
You hear the shrieks of an orangutan being dismembered.
Alright.
Way to go, hot shot.
There's a method to my madness.
What an unwholesome smell.
Like bananas and burning petrol.
May I summon a magical beast?
No, you don't have spells.
Why don't we utilize this unicorn that's been following us around the whole time?
I have a spell that I might cast.
I will make a magic circle against evil.
You create a magic circle around yourself.
I will use urine and whirl my member in a helicopter-like motion
in an anachronistic movement that has not heath or two yet been seen.
Now, no evil may enter this circle of urine and I apologize for the dampness.
Here's a sponge with my likeness upon it that you may purchase for a very small fee.
I don't know if good can enter this circle either.
It's a bunch of horse pee.
Unicorn.
It's like being at a Gallagher show.
All right, so we're surrounded by an arc of urine.
The urine steams on the ground.
The embermolar waltzes across towards you, but it seems stopped by this circle in the ground.
He is most gay and yet he stands frozen.
See, I told you, unicorns always have one.
The embermolar whips its fiery tail and an arc of fire shoots past the barrier right towards Sharpie.
Sweet fucking Maria.
I throw my backpack.
Throwing your backpack, it catches flames and intercepts the attack.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, it intercepts the attack?
Yeah, it does.
This time.
All right.
Only had one backpack.
Your backpack burns and its contents are subsumed by fire.
How formidable this backpack was.
All right, ray of frost.
You cast ray of frost, a blinding blue light streams from your fingers directly into the face of the embermolar.
As a cold spell, it does extra damage.
Ooh.
I wonder, I follow up the attack with a berserker rage with my sword.
The cold damage does two damage.
The spell does two damage to the embermolar.
It recoils in pain.
I follow up the attack by congratulating Sharpie, for I care for him the most.
As the congratulations unfurl, Quark unsheathes his blade and charges across the barrier of urine at the embermolar.
He slices a mighty blow and hits it right in the flank.
He feels the heat off the embermolars hide, but he can tell that it's been wounded.
It takes how much damage?
Seven damage.
How much damage do I take?
You take two damage because of the fire on your hands.
You're not wearing gloves or any protective equipment.
I have the power to cure light wounds.
Oh, is that inappropriate of this structure?
Would you like to cure those white wounds?
Whose wounds are we curing?
Quark, the gnome.
Although we have had our disagreements in the past, for he is short and barbaric, and I am lithe, white and desirable.
I live in a basket of green flowers and promises of butterscotch dons.
He comes from a place of dark green gangrenous swords that are pulled from hideous scabbards.
Hey, my hands are burning over here, man.
I will lay my healing powers upon him so that he may know the power of the unicorn.
While he's laying his healing powers, I lovingly comb the hair of the unicorn, and he loves it.
I wonder, might you braid me if it's not too gay at this juncture?
Hey, Muldane, get in the fight.
Shoot an arrow.
I shot 14 arrows.
Well, everyone, shut up. I'm getting a permanent.
A fight's going on. You're combing everybody's hair and you're complimenting people.
That certain arrow stopped warfare in the merry old land of Oz.
You know what, unicorn?
I only shot a couple arrows.
Can I shoot the rest of the arrow?
You can shoot one arrow, yes.
Well, fine, Spencer. Shoot an arrow.
If you shoot firing an arrow from your bow, you hit the lion straight in the face.
The arrow burns, but it is punctured deeply.
Who broke my heart? You did, you did, straight to the target, and nobody.
I shoot another arrow through my heart.
Spencer, with throwing knives, you're any good? Probably not, right?
It is the Ember Mahler's turn.
Sorry.
Circling around the circle of urine, the Ember Mahler tries to find a weakness.
He scratches at the dirt and some ash slides over the circle of urine, breaking the magic circle.
Oh, shit. Breach.
The Ember Meier roars.
We got Ember Mahler's in the wire. Ember Mahler's in the wire.
I had no idea how tentative my circle of urine was when I weighed it.
I don't know if you guys would keep a score, but I just got my ass kicked over there.
Assholes and elbows.
The Ember Mahler makes a great swipe edge at Quark's face with a giant flaming claw.
It hits you square in the face.
Quark!
Oh, Troll, who I have disagreed with.
He's a gnome, you bitch.
You may gnome, but I just met him.
This unicorn's killing you.
I'm gonna die over here, I know it.
Take it easy, man, take it easy.
to, I have the power to cure moderate wounds. Your face, I will sit upon and let my magic
juices flow, and thus will you be re-appared back to look like Elly May from the Clampett
family. In a possibly not official rage, I cast Magic Missile. Thank you, man. A lot
of fans here. As the unicorn is healing the gnome, your Magic Missile loses forth and
hits the ember wall. And this is like a romantic, you can see the trembling in my blushing cheeks.
There's something going on. There is an homosexual ecstasy in his fighting. The Missile is bright
red with rage. And yet the sperm count is so low. I am sitting on your face as fast as
I can. The Missile strikes the ember muller for four damage. Sweet. Are you...
In later levels, I'll be much more powerful. I use my whip. All right. Pulling the whip
from your back pocket. It's an actual back pocket. Okay. What? I don't know what's happening,
you guys. I'm trying to DM. I don't know. Does she have a whip? Yes, she has a whip. She's
got a whip. She has two magical... She's also got like five backpacks. For all you people
who actually care about Dungeons and Dragons, Quall's Feather Token is a magic item that
can turn into a magical whip. And your mom is calling right now. It's time for dinner.
Mom! I'm with my friends. I don't bring the hot pockets down here. All right. You can
have them down here once, but you've got to keep it more quiet. I make eye contact with
Quark, making sure that things are cool between us. Quark's eyes are blocked by the ass of
a large unicorn. My white flanks. My white flanks will issue their healing serum upon
your visage. Can you not feel? I'll tell you what, Talonel. If I had a nickel. You would
have five cents. Note to self, never have matter it wounds. Note to self, always do
Johnny Carson. I gotta say, I'm feeling pretty good down here. Of course. What issues from
me can only make one feel better? I am Tylenol with Cody Ann. Hey guys! I got a unicorn's
ass on my head right now, but did you guys kill that embryo yet? Not yet. It has like
30 hit points, clearly. Keep using plosives. It feels awesome. Tylenol with Cody, be there
any magic in your horn? I beg pardon. In my own world I was for but a moment. What is
it, Elflit? I was hoping that you had magic in your horn. Indeed, my horn is spoken of
in many lands and doth thus quake at the very thought of my horn, filling one. You know
what, while I'm hearing, as he says that Spencer, I look at my sheet and I'd like to just handle
animal again. I am not an animal. I am a being from beyond your imagination whose power cannot
contain your paltry fucking thoughts. Oh, good know me. Yeah, I just rolled the dice and
he rolled better than you, so you didn't handle him successfully. There's a fucking monster!
This is Dick Cabot? What the? The Embermawler pounces on Mulraine Sedona. No! Wait, who pounced
on him? The Embermawler. Oh, I got it! It's been here for a while. Help! Guys, let's just
wait him out. Good idea, Genome. Oh, guys, come on. I have a piercing horn. Now that
you have mentioned it, oh, Elflit, see it here upon this piece of paper handed to me
by Yon Magician. I may attack with my horn and I bid you all good day. Though I may die
against the Elfamore. What's it called? The Embermawler. Him too. Both of them will tax
my bravery to the utmost and yet I bid you adieu. Oh, Genome, my flanks say much thanks
to you. Oh, Sharpie, the courage I hope you may find within and Elflit, I leave my heart
with you. Indeed, literally, here it is. It's in a small baggie made of Ziploc. And now
I will hardly fuck off and pierce this Embermawler with my horn. As the Embermawler is pouncing
on Mulraine Sedona. Someone in the front was yawning copiously right now. I just want
you to know that my monologue was like fucking... The unicorn plunges its horn deep within
the flank of the Embermawler. Zorch. Dealing 16 damage to the Embermawler. Unicorns are
powerful magical creatures, you guys. I told you. Tell me about it. He's been sitting on
my head for the last half hour. Call me. The Embermawler wobbles a bit and then falls over,
flaming blood spews out of its side and sprays... I cast magic missile on it to claim credit
for the kill. Before it hits the ground, your magic missile strikes true. You successfully
take credit for the kill. And Romney takes Ohio. Is everybody okay? I'm not certain.
Should we take stock of what happens now? We got a dead Embermawler around. Let's check
it out. Make sure it's dead. As you poke it, its body bursts into flames and is reduced
to ashes. Only a bone lower jaw remains. Somebody better take that. It might be worth something.
I shall make it a necklace to bring with us on all our adventures that I will be on.
I remain. Well, there was a reward for this posted at the Tavern back in Cockville.
Chachow Lounge. Am I dead? No, you're still alive. Unless you want to be dead. No, Unicorn.
Only your career has died. I must leave you after this episode, unlike the Elflet who will
stay until time is immeasurable. No, Unicorn. Take her away with you. I cannot. Many tasks
must I perform for those who rule the seventh outermost circle. I wish you much luck, Sharpie,
in taking credit for kills in the future. Do you have to leave, fair Unicorn? Fuck off,
I must, for appetizers are served at happy hour at the Unicorn Applebee's outside of
my town, where life is good. Unicorn, please take one of my arrows to remember me by. Do
with it what you wish. I will take one of your arrows. Bray it in my mane, if you will,
Elflet. I thank you. Of course, sir. And you, Genome, many hours have I sat upon your face
and much memory have I had. For you are like Susie Chopstick, your lips are everlasting.
Fuck off, I must, and let my cheeks break wind.
Wow, look, he's leaving a rainbow trail as he flies away. Haha, it's just a dream.
You can hear him singing. Does he sing? Does he sing Word Up? Wait, that was no Unicorn,
that was Morris Day, the entire time. I miss you, Morris Day. It wasn't Morris Day, it
was Cameo. Cameo, fuck, I screwed it. It was Cameo!
By the seven moons of Cameo. Let us reflect on how this team of three watched that Unicorn
dancing into the sunset. Two and a half. I think we've, I think we've learned a lot
in this adventure. We've learned to get along. We've learned to hide behind rocks. I've learned
that Morris Day is not Cameo. That's about it, but we should head back to that town
that I keep forgetting the name of. Thornvale.
Thornvale. Returning to Thornvale, you meet with Ferris of the Wardens. His name was on
the bill to kill the Embermuller. He's at the Wardens' quarters.
I am Ferris, and I am mildly disgruntled. Well, your disgruntlement is going to stop
when you find out what we just did. Kill the Embermuller, motherfucker!
Who is this jive honky? This is one of my best friends. He's a, he's
a gnome, barbarian. No Expedio wish I to use this day.
We have just come back from slaying the Embermuller.
Dost thou shit me?
Health, show him the jawbone to prove the point. She's wearing it as a necklace.
I am, and again, I am a man, though I am beautiful, and appear to be a woman. Here is the jawbone.
Your male beauty is so overpowering. But a semi I did get.
Thank you, Ferris. Do you wish to lead a parade through Chicago?
Indeed. And I wish to congratulate you, Sharpie, though earlier I was disgruntled alone in
this tavern drinking my ale. Thou hast slain the Embermuller.
Him who has brought evil upon this land. And I am to give thee this flaggan.
I take the flaggan. And this bag of riches.
That's better. 1,400 gold pieces, to be exact.
1,397, but who is counting? There is vigorous to be paid in this town.
Quirk, I would like to tell you this is money. Do not try to eat the money.
The coins are made of gold and chocolate.
I eat the chocolate.
All right, that's the end of our D&D campaign chapter.
Thank you, Erin McGathy, for playing the part of Mordred Humpstallot.
Morgan Humpstallot, Morgan Sultana.
I'll make a cheat sheet.
Just call me MS.
One step ahead of you.
Erin McGathy, everybody!
And Spencer, everybody, our Dungeon Master, of course.
What a hero.
So, how about that Romney? Wow.
He's all different than the other candidate.
I met Greg for drinks at before the show, and I said,
is there anything you want to talk about? He said, just no politics.
Not because he's not a political person, quite the contrary,
because you must be like a...
He has a podcast of his own, and so he's either exhausted from the previous one
at this time of year, or gearing up for another screed.
Greg, if you could, like, a la Dungeons and Dragons,
create a presidential candidate, like a mystical character.
What would your presidential candidate be?
First, his power would be fudge, because no one doesn't like fudge.
Secondly, he would raise the dark cloud that has been visited upon this land
and replace it with one of menthol, so that we could all breathe freely.
Thirdly, those who are in want would suddenly have the succor that they need
and would be able to drink from a cornucopia of delicious peach-scented beverages
that would provide all the nutrients they needed.
And lastly, healthcare.
That's separate from succor.
Oh, no, succor is delicious, but it's not healthcare.
Universal succor we will all receive.
Wouldn't that be great of a candidate for a promised universal succor?
He just dodged the issue then. Everyone would want to talk about healthcare,
but he's like, no, no, succor, that you get.
He just kind of threaded that needle in one.
Succor is fine.
I'm not saying we should socialize medicine.
I'm saying we should socialize succor.
You're promising fudge, succor, and the pursuit of happiness.
I think the pursuit of happiness is misleading because there's no consensus on happiness.
Some people are happy when they're shooting people in the face.
Exactly. If you're a Republican, if there's a bunch of ugly people in a room screaming and shit,
you're like, fuck, this is awesome.
And then if you're not, you're like, fuck, this is scary.
So that's where I come down.
This crowd, of course, has been living on D&D and comic books,
so they don't know what I'm talking about.
There's an election this year.
That's where politics is really complicated, though,
is the basic fact that as primates, we all just want each other to like each other.
And so sometimes it's very easy to just say, hey, whatever makes you happy.
And then sometimes we have a very simple answer for exactly what we want,
and what makes us happy.
And then sometimes the line gets very thin or very wide and very blurry
because what we really want is for everybody to like us.
And so sometimes the way you get people to like you is by being unhappy, for instance.
We all have friends in this room who are a little more comfortable, depressed,
than they are joyful.
Sometimes I feel that way.
You know, this kind of Munchausen syndrome where you're like, ah, you know,
it could be better, and you feel the love come in, and that's how you get it.
And I mean, obviously, it's weird because we're monkeys.
Monkeys just want monkeys to...
The only thing that we know for sure is that monkeys don't want to be alone.
That's the one thing that you can guarantee.
I think I've ranted about this before.
I saw this documentary about solitary confinement where they're, you know,
like the most hard-ass fuckers that eat people.
They're the most sociopathic, amoral, dysfunctional people.
But you put them in solitary confinement,
and they immediately act exactly the same way that your dad would act in solitary confinement,
or anybody, or Mr. Rogers or Captain Kangaroo.
They all act equally tortured and insane because being cut off from all other people
is the only common denominator there is.
None of us can handle it.
There are all the different things that can go wrong with the human brain.
There is no thing, there's no balloon animal you can twist in your skull
that makes a human being get into being alone.
And we're talking about a world where there's people who like to have shits taken on them.
And they smile while it's happening.
They're like, that's great. Would you have chili?
That's fantastic.
But those people, along with everybody else, if you shut them off from society,
if you send them off into the woods and say that they're dead to you,
they will suffer the same pain as Jeffrey Dahmer and Bill Clinton and Mr. Rogers and anybody.
And while that's the only thing, I think, can we start with that and go,
okay, if that's the case, then we have something to go on here.
We have like a close encounter that we can build a language off of.
That's our tatanka is the idea.
Hey, you guy with the feathers coming out of your thing,
you pierced your cheek and you don't speak the same language as me
and you have a completely different language.
We all agree, like, you hate it when you're alone, right?
Yeah, I hate it when I'm alone, too.
What's the scariest thing in the world?
Your mom saying peek-a-boo but never coming back.
Yeah, that's what everybody's afraid of.
It's like, mom covers her face and then her face disappears.
And the first laugh you get is she goes peek-a-boo and she's back and so you laugh.
But like, god damn it.
Well, what was my point?
Mitt Romney shouldn't probably be president.
Yeah, he shouldn't probably be president.
Like, because like you said, there are people in the world
who are going to be in a room full of horrible, disgusting, nasty people
shouting, cut off his head and money's better and drill baby drill
and they're going to be happy in that room.
You could hook them up to a polygraph and say, are you happy?
And I think that they'd pass it.
They'd go like, yeah, yeah, I'm feeling good.
Feeling good tonight.
But like, so there's got to be a way to...
I got nothing.
I don't know.
There's got to be a way to take them through that all the way into it.
Yeah, but then there's no people.
Then you're alone.
Wouldn't that make you sad?
And then they would fail that polygraph test.
They wouldn't go, yeah, I'm having a good time hearing an island by myself.
Because that's the peak of capitalism too.
Like, that's what you do.
Your house gets bigger, your yard gets bigger.
The barbed wire gets taller.
The richer you are, the more allowed you are to just go up to Xanadu
and just hang out and not talk to anybody.
And be alone.
Yeah, and those people go fucking nuts.
And then they run for president.
But anyways, Greg didn't want to talk about politics tonight,
but a couple of weeks ago I did a little screed and it wasn't really...
I'm the laziest brain guy in the world and I did a little screed about politics
and it was about the idea that...
I referred to Osama, Obama.
I did the same thing.
We'll edit it out.
Wow.
Their names are similar.
There's one letter.
I referred to the choice between...
Obama and Romney is the choice between Diet Pepsi and Piss.
Neither of them is water.
Neither of them is what you need.
But I ended that rant on a base that makes some of these 25-year-olds
think that I was like a libertarian or something,
which is not that either.
That's not it.
I'm just a big, fat, lazy, tired, sad, cynical fucker.
And every four years I go and I pull the lever for the Democratic candidate
just because I don't want to be part of anything bad that happens.
But I resent the fact that that's why I'm pulling a lever
and I resent the implication that that's an act of revolution because it's not.
And nothing's ever going to change as long as we keep being convinced
that that revolution happens behind a curtain booth.
That's a scam in itself that we're buying.
I think that things need to change a little more.
I read that Al Gore is getting into...
He's actually coming out and saying,
fuck the Electoral College, we have to change it completely, right?
We have to drop it.
12 years after the fact, but yes, he does.
If he'd said it in 2000, it might have been a different story.
We're taking it with a grain of salt, Al Gore.
He also likes massages quite a lot, is my understanding.
Yeah, poor guy.
I remember the teachers in my school that all the students liked.
They're always the ones that ended up getting in trouble for...
Smoking dope with them, yeah.
There's always the big problem.
The brush-cutted guy, the economics teacher and gym coach,
he never colored outside the lines.
No, it was the language arts teacher who smoked hot pot with the girls who got in trouble.
But he would put your head through a window.
He would go nuts.
He didn't call you by your last name.
Fascism.
Sometimes it's the simpler choice.
Fascism. The simpler choice.
Stop thinking about it. Join us.
It's easy to march. It's hard to walk to your own beat.
We've had a rash of not knowing how to end the show's last couple of shows.
Is this one of those?
Sure.
Well, if you're asking if I know how to end the show...
You're talking to the wrong person, man.
You've never seen one. You don't know what...
But I'm unloquacious within Garryless, so I don't know how to end a fucking show.
Start talking more.
We could probably do a...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, yeah, I can't talk.
I'm not going to get started on politics, but I would be happy to end with a patented proof screed.
Gee, that's terrific.
Just do one.
Do one about crackers.
You like crackers?
There's a new statement called, great proofs is on the spot.
The thing about crackers is...
I mean, there's the Stan Wheat Thins, but like after the first bite, you're like,
this could really use some peanut butter or some butter or whatnot.
Because Stan Wheat Thins are a bit like pretzels.
The first bite, you're like, I don't think I'm going to be able to breathe again.
There's kind of a windpipe blockage thing.
I like rits, and I like the little ones as well.
I do like the European ones, but when you get a whole foods and there's like a $17 one,
it's got like a cheese flavor, those are always weak and they fail under the fucking topping.
He really did the screen about crackers.
He did it?
Oh, you asked me to fucking jump in.
It's not my fault the crowd's going to stare at me like I'm fucking an oil pan.
Well, I think they were mesmerized.
Greg, mesmerized or disappointed.
Don't do that thing where you try to force the ending with the applause.
We've been through this.
I was going to say.
I can tell the difference.
They did.
They tried to end it.
Greg, Dan, let's just keep throwing them out until they break.
Crickets.
Okay.
The thing is, it's a typical game to understand.
I lived in England for five years and you'd watch it on TV and it's really difficult.
Like there's a batsman and a bowler.
There's umpires.
Crickets, plural.
The insects.
You're being an insect right now by countermanding me.
Norwegian fishing.
I don't know the first thing about Norwegian fishing, but I do know this.
The Norwegians along with the Swiss are the only country in Europe that told the European
Union to fuck off.
We don't even want to join the EU because we have untold fucking riches.
So when you go to Norway and we've been to, Jeff and I have been to Norway together and
I would say it was with a group of other comedians, but it wasn't.
Jeff and I just went as a couple.
One weekend we were like, let's fucking go to Norway.
And so Jeff wore red felt and I wore blue.
And we went to Stavanger, Norway, which is a beautiful place.
Oh, the fjords.
Oh, the fjord.
We laid in a pool together.
We ate red deer covered with logan lingonberries.
I had the horse if you remember.
Yeah, Jeff had the horse, which isn't horse in Norwegian.
It's like kafunta.
The disappointing part about Norway is that there's rarely Chinese food.
Typical.
But the sushi.
Oh, the sushi to fucking die for.
I don't know if you've ever had seal before, but the peniped sushi.
No, you haven't had seal.
You have not had seal.
Not the way they make it in Norway because they do a special gravy.
Stavanger will fuck up a seal.
It falls off the flipper.
Yeah, white person will fuck up a fucking seal.
Oh, it's just...
You can taste the herring.
You know what I mean?
It's off the boat is what it is.
It's fully off the boat.
It's on the hook and off the boat.
What's Jeff's favorite show? Deep Sea Fishing?
What's your favorite fucking?
Deep Balls.
It's on the Hustler Channel.
It answers the questions from Deep Balls 8.
Stupid, so dumb.
I like Star Trek The Next Penetration.
It does not take us to a level that we're like an eighth grade level.
You want to play 185? To close?
What's that?
With accents?
No, no, that was a comedy sports reference.
Greg and I traveled the world doing low level short form improv.
But highly successful.
And when we were in Norway, fireworks.
Yeah!
Greg, we have the two of you.
We've learned from previous podcasts that I'm a great beatboxer.
And we have the two of you who are professional musical improvisers.
I could lay down a beat.
You could get a topic. You could do a little rap.
It won't be the first time you close the show that way.
We'll stay good night.
Yeah, let's get out of here.
Kick the beat.
And then you'll get the suggestion over the beat.
Go on, G.
You are an excellent beatboxer.
Yeah, I'm a town.
In the house.
Greg, what should we get for a suggestion?
Jeff, it's all about freestyle. Why don't you get it?
I'll just go from what we did tonight. Yeah, we played a little D&D.
There was a girl on stage.
Great poops was all the rage.
However, there was a little animosity.
Yeah, and some poposity.
It's all good down in the thing.
We're on the Nerd Melt on Sunset BLD.
Parking cars ain't no way to know which way you're going to get a ticket anyway.
I can't think of any better way to end the podcast than three white guys just wrapping their ass up.
Yo, Nerd Melt in the house.
Everybody put those hands in the air.
And if you like great poops, say yeah.
Yeah.
Say yeah.
And if you like Dan Harmon, say yeah.
Yeah.
To the J and to the E and to the F double F.
It's Jeff Davis, enough stuff, Seth.
He's going all night long.
He's going to get you with his massive prong.
Dan Harmon, take it down.
Finish it off, Dan.
Yeah, motherfuckers.
Thank you, Harmontown.
We want to thank Katie Levine, our audio recording, Zac McKeever, Tech, Emily Gordon, producer, Daniel Kramer, program director, Justin Marshall, podcast producer, Mo Fathom, camera director, journey finder, artist.
I'm Jeff Davis, the controller.
Fresh.
One more time for the mayor of Ironman Town.
Dan Harmon.
Awesome.
Harmon.
One more time for plate troops.
Thank you for coming, everybody, here at NerdMelt, listening on podcast land.
You guys are fantastic.
Good fun, Boniwits.
Sorry.